Update baremetal documentation (#1610)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/deploying_server.md

```
If everything is set up correctly, you will see 'zebra' prediction in the output.

## Deploying Model Server on Baremetal (without docker)
It is possible to deploy Model Server outside of docker container.
To deploy Model Server on baremetal, use pre-compiled binaries for your target OS from latest release.
Alternatively it is possible to build package from scratch:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server
cd model_server
```

The `ovms.tar.gz` package will appear in `dist/ubuntu` or `dist/redhat` directory.  

> Unpack the package:

Reviewer: Here we should have a link placeholder how to download tar.gz.

But even if we have it here the instruction here is misleading -> it suggests that we will build the ovms from scratch but there is no instruction (or link) how to do it.

Reviewer: I think first we should have instruction how to use binary distribution, and later on instruction/link how to build from source & extract the binary package from this process.

Author: Fixed

```bash
tar -xzvf dist/ubuntu/ovms.tar.gz
```

Install required libraries depending on the OS.  
For Ubuntu 20.04:
```bash

> apt update -y && apt install -y libpugixml1v5 libtbb2

Reviewer: Right now I think that tbb is not required due to OV not containing HDDL plugin in 2022.3 release. I don't like that we have to copy the required libraries here from the OV.

We could mention here that the user is required to follow requirements coming from appropriate plugin devices (used by they) and then install OV. Otherwise this instruction will require changes from us for each release. None of the packages here are "pure" OVMS requirements and are just transitive requirements.

For now it is ok.

Author: As agreed during sync, leaving as is for this release.

```
For RedHat 8.7:
```bash
microdnf upgrade -y && microdnf install -y pkg-config && rpm -ivh https://vault.centos.org/centos/8/AppStream/x86_64/os/Packages/tbb-2018.2-9.el8.x86_64.rpm
```

Start the server:

```bash
./ovms/bin/ovms --model_name resnet --model_path gs://ovms-public-eu/resnet50-binary
```

or start as a background process or a daemon initiated by ```systemctl/initd``` depending on the Linux distribution and specific hosting requirements.

> All the Model Server documentation use docker to deploy the service, but the same can be achieved outside the container.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most of the Model Server documentation use docker to deploy the service, but the same can be achieved outside the container.  
```

```
If everything is set up correctly, you will see 'zebra' prediction in the output.

## Deploying Model Server on Baremetal (without container)
It is possible to deploy Model Server outside of container.

> To deploy Model Server on baremetal, use pre-compiled binaries for your target OS from latest release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy Model Server on baremetal, use pre-compiled binaries for Ubuntu20 or RHEL8.
```

Author: done

Find latest binary package in [release](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/releases) page.
Alternatively it is possible to build package from source:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server
cd model_server
make docker_build
```

The `ovms.tar.gz` package will appear in `dist/ubuntu` or `dist/redhat` directory.  
Unpack the package:

```bash
tar -xzvf dist/ubuntu/ovms.tar.gz
```

Install required libraries depending on the OS.  
For Ubuntu 20.04:
```bash
apt update -y && apt install -y libpugixml1v5 libtbb2
```
For RedHat 8.7:
```bash

> microdnf upgrade -y && microdnf install -y pkg-config && rpm -ivh https://vault.centos.org/centos/8/AppStream/x86_64/os/Packages/tbb-2018.2-9.el8.x86_64.rpm

Reviewer 2: upgrade is optional

Author: removed

```

Start the server:

```bash
./ovms/bin/ovms --model_name resnet --model_path gs://ovms-public-eu/resnet50-binary
```

or start as a background process or a daemon initiated by ```systemctl/initd``` depending on the Linux distribution and specific hosting requirements.

> Most of the Model Server documentation use docker to deploy the service, but the same can be achieved outside the container.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most of the Model Server documentation demonstrate containers usage, but the same can be achieved with just the binary package.
```

Author: done
